# Legend Android Game
An Isometric Game base on the Bible


The LeGEND: A Journey to Promised Land Biblical Role Playing Game is a Role Playing Game with Isometric Design (2.5 Dimensional Design) and an educational game that gives an information about the Bible. The story line of the game is about the first five books of the Bible like Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy to show the beginning of the story of the Bible to the Promise Land. This Game can be played by Christian teenagers up to young adults who has an interest to the story of the Bible especially to those persons who have the lack of motivation in reading their Bible. This Game is playable to any Android devices with an Android version of Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) and above. The Game will be created using Android studio, LibGDX, Photoshop with Icometricon plugin, and Blender Game Editor.

This Game is a Role Playing Game, and a Single Player Game. This Game contains five different levels which are based on the first five books of the Bible. The User has only one profile or character account which allows him to create an account, saves and loads the specific level and progress of the game. The Game will contain some Video Clips to guide and to show the current story of the game to the player and also has a trivia every time the player finishes the given quest. This Game will only show the first five books of the Old Testament: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy as the game will only covers the beginning of the Bible reaching to the Promised Land. The researchers didn’t complete the whole story of the Bible due to some stories that has a conflict understanding that may cause the researchers to produce an inaccurate story game.

You can download the sample game here https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P8nTJNUb_zU_KYUNtU4JgaEHGSN5c0-u/view
